I know how much I weigh.
I had nothing to do with it.
I can't win the bank project.
But I don't understand.
You are young and strong.
I see infinite possibilities in you.
So you chose me.
Exactly. That's why I chose you.
Then into your life.
What about me?
There's a problem.
No matter how big or small the company is, I don't care.
I just like to wait until the fruit is a little ripe how to remove it.
It's a sense of accomplishment.
What I want to know, I already know.
Shoot.
No hurry, there is still some time before dawn.
I'd love to talk to you.
I especially have a sense of accomplishment when I step on people like you.
Aren't you an assassin?
Shoot me.
There's no courage.
I take money to work.
It's not me who decides to live and die.
I'm not afraid.
Be honest.
In fact, she was already sleeping in my bed.
I just don't want to expose you.
Even if I die, I'll make your head blue.
Like this dress one color.